doc: Cleaning up the rest of the Bluetooth samples (#10946)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/multiple_adv_sets/README.rst

   The device is advertising as ``Nordic multi adv sets`` and ``Nordic Beacon``.

#. Select the connectable variant and connect to the device from the application.

> #. In the **SCANNER** tab check if ``Nordic Beacon`` still advertises.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. In the **SCANNER** tab check if ``Nordic Beacon`` is still advertising.
```
